The New Gamer opens the application in hopes to add his game library to a collection browser so he can sort through his games. He opens the application for the first time, and quickly finds the “Add Game” button. Seems reasonable enough, so he clicks on it and is prompted for all the details of a game. He doesn’t want to spend too long, so he just fills out the game title and genres for each game. After a bit of this, he is done and wants to make sure they all went into the browser. He scrolls through and it looks like he sees all the games he expects to see. The checks one of the filters that automatically appeared that sorts it by the genres he created. Upon clicking it, he is presented with all the games under that genre in the browser. He clicks on a game and below he sees the information for the game in the game info box, but of course it was mostly empty. He closes out of the application after having put his whole library in.
The Elder Gamer wants to find a game he remembers playing a few months back. He thankfully put it all into our collection browser. He opens the application and is shown all the games in his library. He is hard at seeing, but can easily recognize games by their art shown in each game card. He forgot the name completely, so scrolling through the alphabetical list does nothing. He tries his best to remember details, and remembers that the game he is thinking of was a strategy game. He looks at the filters on the right and finds the strategy game filter and checks the box next to it. His game collection shrinks, but it is still too big to sort through since his game collection is largely strategy games alone. He sees the sort buttons and looks at what to sort the games through, and remembers that he rated this specific game highly. He sorts by game rating and he finds it as the third entry. He clicks on it and it brings up the game info into the game info box where he makes sure it’s the right game. He then closes the program to play the game.
The Rich Gamer is looking to compare some of his games to find some to tell his friend to play. He knows his friend likes action games so he can at least work off that. He opens the collection browser, and being familiar with it, goes to the filters and checks the “Action” filter. His game list shrinks significantly, but it is still somewhat large. He checks a couple more filters based on what he believes his friend would like and get its finally narrowed down to about 7 games. He clicks on each game one at a time and reads the descriptions given. It takes a little bit to do this because there is no direct compare feature so he must click on each game several times to constantly remember each description. He finally picks the game he thinks his friend would like based pretty much on the fact he likes its box art the best. He copies and pastes the title and sends it to his friend. He then closes the program.
